feat: multi contract calls in unit tests for contracts (#4156)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/book/src/testing/unit-testing.md

```

> **Note:** When running `forc test`, your contract will be built twice: first *without* unit tests in order to determine the contract's ID, then a second time *with* unit tests with the `CONTRACT_ID` provided to their namespace. This `CONTRACT_ID` can be used with the `abi` cast to enable contract calls within unit tests.

> Contracts can call other contract's functions if they are declared unedr [`contract-dependencies`](../forc/manifest_reference.md#the-contract-dependencies-section) table. An example for such calls can be seen below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests can call methods of external contracts if those contracts are added as contract dependencies, i.e. in the the [`contract-dependencies`](../forc/manifest_reference.md#the-contract-dependencies-section) section of the manifest file. An example of such calls is shown below:
```

> ```sway

Reviewer: I'd love for these examples to be moved into the `examples` directory if possible.

contract;

abi MyContract {
    fn test_true() -> bool;
}

impl MyContract for Contract {
    fn test_true() -> bool {
        true
    }
}

abi MyContract2 {
    fn test_false() -> bool;
}

#[test]
fn test_contract_multi_call() {
  let caller = abi(MyContract, CONTRACT_ID);
  let caller2 = abi(MyContract2, contract2::CONTRACT_ID);

  let should_be_true  = caller.test_true {}();
  let should_be_false = caller2.test_false {}();

  assert(should_be_true == true);
  assert(should_be_false == false);
}
```

> > **Note:** In order for this example to work, the package hosting this contract must declare the package implementing the `MyContract2` ABI as a contract dependency.

Reviewer: Instead of this note, can you show what the `[contract-dependencies]` section of the manifest file looks like? Again, preferable by _including_ the manifest from the example and using anchors, instead of copying it here.
